#LyX 1.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 221
\textclass beamer
\begin_preamble

\setbeamertemplate{background canvas}[vertical shading][bottom=white,top=structure.fg!25]
% or whatever

\usetheme{Warsaw}
\setbeamertemplate{headline}{}
\setbeamertemplate{footline}{}
\setbeamersize{text margin left=0.5cm}  
\end_preamble
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme times
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 1
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Standard


\begin_inset Note
collapsed false

\layout Standard

This file is a solution template for:
\layout Standard

- Introducing another speaker.
\layout Standard

- Talk length is about 2min.
\layout Standard

- Style is ornate.
\end_inset 


\layout Standard


\begin_inset Note
collapsed true

\layout Standard

Copyright 2004 by Till Tantau <tantau@users.sourceforge.net>.
 
\layout Standard

In principle, this file can be redistributed and/or modified under the terms
 of the GNU Public License, version 2.
 However, this file is supposed to be a template to be modified for your
 own needs.
 For this reason, if you use this file as a template and not specifically
 distribute it as part of a another package/program, the author grants the
 extra permission to freely copy and modify this file as you see fit and
 even to delete this copyright notice.
 
\end_inset 


\layout BeginFrame

Speaker's Name
\layout FrameSubtitle

About Our Next Speaker
\layout Itemize

Current affiliation of Speaker's Name
\begin_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Professor or mathematics, University of Wherever.
\layout Itemize

Junior partner at company X.
\layout Itemize

Speaker for organization/project X.
\end_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Experience and achievements
\begin_inset Note
collapsed false

\layout Standard

Optional.
 Use this if it is appropriate to slightly flatter the speaker, for example
 if the speaker has been invited.
 Using subitems, list things that make the speaker look interesting and
 competent.
\end_inset 


\begin_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Academic degree, but only if appropriate
\layout Itemize

Current and/or previous positions, possibly with dates
\layout Itemize

Publications (possibly just number of publications)
\layout Itemize

Awards, prizes
\end_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Concerning today's talk
\begin_inset Note
collapsed false

\layout Standard

Optional.
 Use this to point out specific experiences/knowledge of the speaker that
 are important for the talk and that do not follow from the above.
\end_inset 


\begin_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Expert who has worked in the field/project for X month/years.
 
\layout Itemize

Will present his/her/group's/company's research on the subject.
 
\layout Itemize

Will summarize project report or current project status.
 
\end_deeper 
\layout EndFrame

\the_end
